if you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do you
think you can easily fix that by
applying either a pore primer or even
just when I find my powder in a second
you'll see they does tend to help lower
them a little bit more but if you don't
like to use powder in general I just
thought I would throw it up there so so
personally I think there's some positive
and negatives about both of these
personally I kind of find a solution
pretty easily especially whenever it's
something is so affordable I tend to try
and just find a easy fix that makes them
worth it so for this one for example
like I said just the poor primers and
powder you're good to go
and this one which is the reason I only
have my summer shade I tend to use this
during the summer because it does help
control the oils and during the summer I
don't have two eye patches so I don't
have to deal with it during the winter I
just usually mix it with this one which
is why this one is like super light I
have the shade 110 so I either reuse
this on its own or mix them together and
I feel like it makes it perfect combo
that doesn't emphasize the dry patches
so other than that you can see the
coverage is really good on my forehead
it's not perfect but I usually don't
tend to go for like super full coverage
on a daily basis so I think these are
perfect for that it covered mostly
everything you can see you can see a
little bit of redness on this side to
fit anyone does it have as
coverage button on the forehead it's
still pretty good you can see by the way
that the colors are pretty much matching
now in my face because it has oxidized
all my hand is gonna take a little
longer because it's a little thicker but
so if you were wondering if you have 125
120 will match you once it's oxidized so
okay so I did do the rest of my makeup
there's actually oil coming so if you
like that I like coming but I wanted to
show you what the foundations look like
with the powder and everything on top so
I'm gonna zoom you and kind of like I
have mentioned I don't think the powder
changes the fact that it doesn't besides
dry patches the pores are pretty much
you know normal to gone looking and this
side I do feel like the pores are a
little less visible once you powder but
I mean we all have pores right so I
don't really blame the foundation and
again like I said using a pore primer if
you are really looking to a poreless
look can definitely fix that issue and I
don't feel like it emphasizes my dry
patches as much now the foundation you
can see it's fully oxidized now so I'm
gonna apply it you like fresh swatch
next to it so you can see how much it
does oxidize it yeah so you can see it
is pretty oranjee compared to the shade
it was but if you keep that in mind I
don't think it's DUP difficult to find
your shade and I'm gonna swatch the
other one next to it just so you can see
cuz I do think that 125 looks pretty
close to 120 of the full coverage once
it's socialized so you can see it's good
in the middle I guess although the
foundation is quite thick there I don't
feel like on my face there's a
difference between the two right now so
so I'm gonna go on with my day and I
will be updating you probably once
before the energy day is currently 10
o'clock in the morning so I will be
wearing this for at least 10 hours and I
wanted to mention that I do have really
oily skin although during the winter
it's not as bad but around like five or
six hours it's usually when I have to
retouch the powder and everything so I
will be doing that I hope be doing that
on camera whenever I feel the need to so
it's nothing like the foundation are not
responsible for that it's definitely
just me having very oily skin in general
but again I will update you to zoom ins
and everything and keep you updated so
you know how I said I would come back in
like five six hours touch it up that
didn't happen
because I do not need to I don't know if
it's because it's winter my skin hasn't
been as oily it's legit than ten hours
it's like eight o'clock at night and I'm
just starting to feel shiny and seeing
some changes there's a reason this is a
Holy Grail foundation and why I've been
like dying to talk about this one
they're just really great I do however I
want to say that since I didn't touch up
the powder whatsoever and I'm starting
to boil II I've noticed that this side
is a little more cakey into my pores
which again makes sense as I did notice
that from the beginning the dry patches
are the same it hasn't become more
drying and I do feel like I'm a little
bit more oily on this side than this one
so hopefully you can see it but I feel
you can see my Porter a little bit more
on this side than this one and I do you
feel like I'm a little bit more oily
that's definitely harder to see but it's
just how I feel right now so really I
love both fun they shouldn't do both
favorites I do think they have like you
know their pros and cons but I wanted to
try and reapply I don't have any paper
to remove the oil so I'm just gonna use
toilet paper classy I'm just gonna try
to remove some oil and just see / show
you how they perform
after being reapplied because it's
always nice to see that the foundation
doesn't become cake you and your reply
but I can't already know but I just want
to show you so I'm gonna be here
applying some this batter on top so for
the pores after applying I feel like
this one is definitely a less visible
this one a little bit more and I've
noticed now I don't know if if I've been
touching my face that definitely happens
but I feel like this side might be a
little bit more uneven like little bits
that might have like separated and moved
around a little bit more than this side
I said this one is still perfectly even
personally I'm finding I'm keeping on
wearing at both of these foundations I
think they're really fantastic do real
affordable I think they're really great
if you want something that is a little
bit more lightweight a little bit less
coverage but doesn't emphasize the pores
whatsoever this one if you want
something with a little bit more
coverage and even if you have dry skin
maybe just moisturize probably
beforehand but I would also give this
one a shot usually full
race relations and Dreskin don't go well
together but I think this one would be
totally worth the shot you might want to
touch up the powder a little sooner with
this one so it doesn't become a little
patchy but I mean I've been wearing it
for 10 hours like if it lasts in hours I
don't complain so that's guys I hope you
enjoyed this review / 1/2 1/2 square
test video don't forget to let me know
in the comments section if you have
tried the fit me foundation when you
think of it if you have tried yet D
superstay full coverage foundation let
me know in the comments section because
I love to discuss these also if you know
your color shade in both of these please
let us all know in the comment section
that way we can help each other out
trying to find a perfect shade so guys I
hope you enjoy this video ok to do a big
thumbs up don't forget to subscribe
enormous in your future videos I will be
putting on the screen of the videos that
I've done that when you check out and
I'll see my next one bye
hey guys and welcome back to my channel
so today's video is going to be a
foundation review over the past few days
I've been trying out too this foundation
the foundation I'm talking about is the
maybelline superstay full coverage 24
hour foundation apparently this is a new
and improved formula they used to
actually have this foundation but I
never tried it when they used to have it
they just continued it and now they
brought it back and it's supposed to be
a better formula so unfortunately I
don't have the old formula to compare it
to so everything is just based off of my
opinions and thoughts on the new and
improved foundation but I was so excited
to see that Maybelline was coming out
with another foundation or a new
improved version because I love
Maybelline foundations the Maybelline
fit me matte and poreless is fabulous
and I also love Maybelline concealers as
well as far as complexion products go I
feel like Maybelline usually hits the
nail on the head and they usually have
really great products so I was super
excited to try this out before we get
into the review video please make sure
to join the family by hitting the
subscribe button if you're already
subscribed and you want to be notified
every time I post a video just be sure
to click on the little bell and join the
notification squad so you'll be notified
each time I post a video also you guys
there's only a couple days left to enter
my 100,000 subscriber giveaway so if you
have not already be sure to check out
the link in the description box I have
so many fun makeup items that I'm giving
away there are two winners and it's
international so be sure to check that
out if you have not already and with
that being said let's get into the video
so before we go into the first day that
I tried it and my first impressions upon
application I realized I forgot to
mention a couple things so I wanted to
let you guys know the price of this and
also how many shades are in the range
all right so this retails for $11.99 on
Ulta calm I picked mine up on Amazon for
about $10 so I guess it just depends on
what retailer you go to but it's around
10 to 12 dollars and it looks like it
comes in 16 shades the shade that I
picked up is 112 natural ivory so I just
wanted to mention those couple things
and now we'll move into my first day
with this product and my first
impressions upon application and then I
will show you guys the before and afters
over a couple of days and then I will
have my final thoughts at the end of the
video so let's get into it this
literally just came in the mail like an
hour ago I ordered it on Amazon so it
came in two days
thanks to Prime I love it by the way if
you hear something in the background I
am doing laundry today is a super chill
day I'm in my black t-shirt my hair is
up I'm just trying to catch up on some
chores and clean up a little bit so
please excuse the outfit and the hair
it's just one of those days but I
thought I might as well make use of the
day and do a foundation review
especially since this arrived I'm so
excited I'm gonna be trying out the
maybelline superstay full coverage
foundation this is supposed to last up
to 24 hours there's 1 fluid ounce in
here Shea that I got was 112 natural
ivory I ordered on Amazon again so I
hope that this matches me it seemed like
it was gonna be a good match so let me
just read you some of the things that it
claims to do so it's a full coverage
foundation up to 24 hours of wear a
seamless matte finish it's breathable
and comfortable its fade and transfer
resistant its oil flea and oil-free yeah
it's oil free and doesn't clog pores and
it's dermatologist tested
alright Maybelline the first thing that
I have to say about this I'm so excited
about it has a pump I'm so happy about
that let me show you this up close so
here's the packaging it's a really sleek
white cap with a really nice glass
bottle again the white pump which I'm so
thrilled about thank you so much
Maybelline because the Maybelline fit me
does not have a pump and I really feel
like I waste so much product with that
so I'm so glad there's a pump with this
so let's get right into it
I didn't prime the skin with anything
but I do have a moisturizer on I just
barely washed my face and did my normal
skincare routine and so I just haven't
washed riser on but it kind of sunk into
the skin so I feel like my skin is
really prepped and ready for this
foundation so I'm going to start with
one pump on the back of my hand ooh this
shade looks like it's going to work I
hope it does I'm gonna try it out with a
brush on one side and a blender a Beauty
Blender a brush on website and a Beauty
Blender on the other side ok again so
excited ooh
as I'm spreading this out on my hand it
feels super smooth just going to dot it
around and since it's full coverage
let's see how much this does so I'm just
going to take my brush
[Music]
okay
it's starting to blend out like butter
and the shade yeah yeah so excited about
the shade I was looking forward to try
this foundation as soon as I heard about
it it's because I love the Maybelline
fit me foundation and so I have high
hopes for this let's hope it performs
well okay hello off of my very very
first impressions on half of my face
with a brush
I love the coverage it feels really
lightweight and the finish is perfect
oh it's like a seamless matte finish but
it doesn't like dry you out it's kind of
like moosie almost I'm just going to tap
a little bit more on the areas that I
want more coverage and blend down the
neck so again I did one pump on half of
my face look at that coverage I mean
like look I hope that this is a long
wearing foundation because seriously
that is beautiful that is so beautiful
on the skin alright so let's try the
other side of the face I'm gonna do one
more pump the texture is so crazy I'm so
happy about the finish in the shade I'm
glad that it matches me I have a feeling
if this works out for me you guys this
could be my new favorite drugstore
foundation I feel like that's kind of a
stretch right now since I'm just barely
trying it lets blend this out with the
sponge on the side and see how it works
guys look at the coverage on that didn't
you see the redness and the acne that I
had and I love how it doesn't look super
cakey
so my first thoughts about the Beauty
Blender side I actually kind of like how
the brush side applied this time usually
it is beauty burner that usually wins
but I don't know what it was maybe it's
just the formula I feel like it worked
really beautifully with a brush the
sponge site looks really nice too
huh both sides look really good I don't
know but I kind of liked the application
with the brush better typically I apply
foundation like with a brush first and
then I Pat it out with a sponge anyway
so I usually use both okay
I am so impressed by the coverage of
this the finish of this so far
super good I'm going to go ahead and
finish up my makeup if I scoot up a
little bit can you guys see you a little
better hopefully it's not too washed out
but that finish is so beautiful you
wouldn't know that I had acne and
redness and scars underneath this
nation I feel like it looks so good so
I'm gonna finish up my makeup really
quickly and then I'll be back to do a
little check-in and then we will see how
this works throughout the day okay so I
just finished my makeup I didn't do
anything crazy cuz I'm not really going
anywhere today and I really wanted to
focus on the foundation so I used a lot
of cream products actually which blended
over the foundation beautifully I felt
the foundation has kind of a powdery
finish so I only set my under eye
concealer and tiny bit down the center
of the face because that's where I tend
to get oily but I really left the rest
as is I really want to see how this
wears throughout the day because it is
kind of more of a matte powdery finish
off the bat I wonder if it gets a little
bit more dewy towards the other day or
if it stays like this for hours and
hours I have to say I'm so in love with
the finish right now I really hope that
this wears out the day well we will see
so this is a little bit late for a
foundation review to begin just because
I did receive it in the mail this
afternoon so it is currently for 43 but
I'm just gonna keep doing my chores
around the house and I do usually go to
bed kind of late so I'm gonna try to
wear this as long as I can tonight and
then I'll also be wearing it tomorrow so
we can kind of get a better idea of how
this works let's hope that it looks
really good and that'll last a while
I'll check in in a few hours alright so
I am back it is currently 1113 p.m. so
I've had this on for around 6 hours now
I must say especially from far away I'm
really impressed if I'm super picky
about it and I go really up close the
only thing that I'm noticing is it's
getting a little bit of a sheen on the
forehead like but not like oily just a
really nice glowy sheen and then my
pores are a tiny bit accentuated right
around my nose area here which could
probably be fixed with like a good
primer or a pore filling primer I'm so
impressed at how it stayed on the side
of my face because a lot of times
throughout the day I touch my face and
that's where I have the most redness and
acne scarring and so the fact that
there's still coverage like full
coverage there is really impressive yeah
if I'm not being nitpicky and I'm just
looking from far away I have a really
nice natural Sheen to my face and I
really really like the finish still one
thing that I've noticed that I'm really
impressed by as well is around the nose
area a lot of times a lot of foundations
look really weird by the end of the day
around my nose and this one like it
doesn't look as fresh as it did when I
first applied it obviously but it
doesn't look crepey and it didn't crease
I'll stir around my smile and I have one
smile line right here that it creases
pretty bad and it's like not even bad at
all compared to a lot of foundations
that I love and we're so so far so good
you guys as always I love to wear these
foundations that I try out for you guys
for a few days so I'm gonna be wearing
it again tomorrow and the next day and
as many days as possible until I post
this video so I have a really good
accurate review for you so that's the
first day that's my first impressions
I'm gonna try it a little bit different
tomorrow and I'll let you guys know but
yeah so far so good I have really high
hopes for this foundation and the fact
that it's drugstore makes it that much
better so I will see you all tomorrow
for another check-in all right you guys
it is day two of me trying out this
foundation it's another like laid back
running errands type of day this time I
set the entire face with translucent
powder but I didn't use a primer I just
used moisturizer so I'm gonna do another
check-in today it is currently 148 I'm
gonna be running errands when I go to
the grocery store and stuff like that so
I'm gonna try to wear this as long as
possible again and then check in with
you guys and see what setting the entire
face will do by the end of the day so I
will see you later I already started
filming and I realized my mic was off so
that would have been bad okay alright
I'm back all right so it's 825 825
haven't even looked at my face all day
long my nose there's some foundation
missing because I made a spicy soup
tonight and every time I eat spicy food
I love spicy food but like it makes my
nose run so I was I wiped my nose anyway
let's take a look at the foundation I'm
kind of seeing the same thing that I saw
yesterday there's a really nice sheen it
doesn't look very oily I mean I'm kind
of my forehead kinda looks a little bit
oily and today again I powdered the
entire face but I honestly I haven't
touched up all day I ran errands and
this is what it looks like I don't mind
it I feel like it'd be really easy to
touch up the thing I do like about it
that I've noticed the past couple of
days of wearing it is even though it
does kind of develop a dewy finish it
doesn't ever separate on my skin which
sometimes if that happens throughout the
day if my skin gets a little oily
sometimes it causes the foundation to
break up so I do like that it doesn't do
that and it would be
easy just to kind of take a blotting
sheet or some powder and just kind of
dust over the t-zone or wherever you get
oily
I don't mind it getting dewy on the
outer parts of the face I think that's
really beautiful but usually like this
area this area I don't love for it to be
shiny but I mean this is a good what six
hours of wear so I think that's pretty
good I think it's really come off my
skin except for around my nose where I
touched it but I do already notice and
really appreciate that about the
foundation so that is the situation
before today it's kind of funny I wonder
if because it's marketed as a matte
foundation and because at the beginning
of the day it kind of does feel really
matte and really tight
I'm wonder if on my skin my skin kind of
like over produces oil because it is
trying to mattify that could just be my
skin type I don't know so I want to kind
of try to test it out again with maybe a
primer that can combat a little bit of
oil in the t-zone but so far honestly
really liking this foundation the fact
that it's drugstore is that much better
I will do my final check-in tomorrow
with you guys and then kind of do an
overall review and give you guys my full
thoughts on this foundation so I will
see you guys tomorrow all right you guys
so I've had the chance to wear this for
several days now and I think I'm ready
to give a final review so honestly I
really do like this foundation the fact
that it's drugstore makes it that much
better I will say it looks so flawless
upon application it is what I'm wearing
right now the coverage is incredible if
you're into full coverage foundations I
would recommend grabbing this the only
thing that I'm unsure of is if you have
dry skin just because some of the areas
if I do have a little bit of dryness it
kind of clings but my skin is not that
dry right now so I'm really not able to
give a full review as far as dry skin is
concerned that's the only unfortunate
thing about doing foundation review
sometimes is I can only give feedback
based off of my skin type which is
normal combination so sometimes I do
have dry patches right now I don't
really have too many so I can't really
tell you and then also like I mentioned
I think earlier for some reason by the
end of the day this foundation looks a
little bit dewy on me and since it's
supposed to be a super matte full
coverage foundation that kind of like
threw me off it's not dewy in a bad
and sometimes on my skin if I use
products that are to mattify
it actually can increase the oil
production in my skin because my skin
feels so dry and it's like trying to
hydrate or rehydrate itself so I found
that with some products that are super
mattifying that that does happen and so
that may be what's happening with me I
don't know though if somebody has oily
skin and you've tried this new and
improved version of this foundation
would you please leave a comment down
below and let me know if that happens to
you on oily skin or if it really does
help control the oils because it ends up
looking do a baby in a day it didn't
look early though I guess I should say
that so it didn't look greasy it just
looked dewy which I personally don't
mind on my skin type but it was kind of
surprising just because when you first
apply it it kind of feels powdery and a
little bit heavy and a little bit tight
on the skin at least for me and then by
the end of the day it was just kind of
like more dewy and radiant and kind of
had a different finish than when I
started so that's what I've noticed as
far as the finish goes as far as like
the wear time I have not seen it fade
away and that's one thing I really do
love about this foundation is because a
lot of times especially around like my
chin area where I do have blemishes and
acne scarring some foundations by the
end of the day can wear off their
because I do kind of rest my hands on my
face I touch my face a little bit and
this did say it was transfer resistant
which I didn't actually test should I
test that let's take my shirt hey guys
I'm not like wiping but if you just
leaned up against something it didn't
come off of my black shirt so I think it
is transfer resistant that was a fun
little test but what was he saying Oh a
lot of other foundations tend to kind of
fade away around my acne scars and this
one really didn't I found that it had
full coverage throughout the entire time
that I was wearing it so I really did
like that the only time that it broke up
was a little bit around my nose but
overall I really do like the finish of
it again though I am a super-duper fan
of full coverage foundations especially
full coverage matte foundations or semi
matte foundations so if you are too I
would recommend picking this up again
that is just based off of my skin type
I'm curious to see what you guys think
about it if you do try it out please let
me
but I do think I will continue to wear
this and keep trying it out in different
tutorials and keep trying it out with
primers and things I didn't really
notice too much of a difference when I
use different kinds of primers as far as
how at war and as far as like how it
looked at the end of the day I will say
when I set my entire face it looked a
little bit less dewy than it did when I
didn't do that but it still like looks
dewy whether I powder the entire face or
whether I don't do that so those are my
thoughts as far as priming and setting
goes so in a nutshell I would recommend
this foundation I'm not sure if I would
recommend it to people with extremely
dry skin just because it is a little bit
more of a mattifying powdery finish
foundation which could accentuate some
dry patches if you do have some I would
recommend it it's drugstore it's twelve
dollars or less and it's worth a shot
so that's everything in a nutshell I
really do like this foundation on a
scale of one to ten I think I would put
it at a seven and a half maybe something
to have to eight just because it does
change finishes on me so that doesn't
mean that I would have to kind of powder
the t-zone if I wore it all throughout
the day to kind of control the oils in
that section but other than that I feel
like I can really trust it to last all
day which I really do like so seven and
a half / eight stars out of ten that's
how I feel and it's a great price so
thanks again for watching you guys
please as always be sure to leave a
comment down below letting me know your
thoughts on this foundation if you've
tried it also if you guys have any
recommendations for me to try like other
foundations for me to try out and review
please comment those down below because
I love to test out foundations so much
it's one of my favorite things to do
don't forget to enter my 100,000
subscriber giveaway if you haven't
already because it's almost over so you
don't want to miss out I think that's
everything I will see you all in my next
video love you boy
f you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do youf you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do you

