"if you wanted Emily today's video is
gonna be to review all in Milan I'm
gonna be wearing half of my face to
Mabley foundations so on the website I'm
gonna be wearing the cool favorite at
fit me matte and poreless foundation I
love this foundation because it's light
medium coverage it looks like skin on
your skin it's great if you have oily
skin if you have dry skin I would mix it
with the other ones they have deep do me
one definitely recommend mixing these
together with your great is the combo
even if you have oily skin which I do
have so love this one highly recommended
it's like very very popular for a good
reason but you just came out with this
foundation this is the super state full
coverage foundation and this one has
more coverage and it's a little bit
different and I wanted to wear both of
these on half off my face all day long
so you can see them in action because
it's always great to hear a review but
it's even better if you can see it in
person so I'm gonna be applying both of
these with Beauty blenders basically I
just personally like using sponges
because it gives you the most natural
finish if you want more coverage you can
always lose a brush so on my right to
your left I'm going to be applying the
fit me foundation the colors I have like
my summer shades so they will be a bit
dark for me but we're just gonna blend
that until my neck and pretend
everything is okay
should have zoomed you in but you'll see
the final result
can Nestle seed align the middle of my
face but you can see I did have a couple
of like redness and it covered
everything pretty well you can still see
beauty marks so it's not like full full
coverage but it covered everything that
I really wanted to cover but if I had
like a breakout or something I could
just use concealer wherever I need it
but everything else still looks like
skin that's why I absolutely love it
probably why everyone seems to love it
and it's great it kind of has eight like
Demi matte finish I will be setting it
with powder just because it's what I
usually do it and want to make sure that
my own skin
doesn't make the test result just effect
immediately so on my other face but half
of my face I've been buying this one I
try to go and get to color that was the
closest to it but spoiler alert it does
oxidize so this one will be at first
lighter and hopefully it will be so my
close to it once it oxidized I just
wanted to mention by the way the
packaging they're very similar but are
we so so happy that they came out with a
pump like this should have had a pub
like I wish hopefully they will add a
pump to this foundation because it's so
great but it's such a to just try
and pour it on your head and then put it
on my face so I really appreciate that
they finally added a pump I will be
doing it close-up so you can see
difference in texture of foundations so
the newest full-coverage one is thicker
almost like a a little bit moosie
consistency and me fit me is definitely
a lot more liquidy so we're gonna try in
a cover I do have a little bit of
redness and a few breakouts so we'll see
the coverage but yes again warning at
first it's gonna be way lighter I didn't
mention definitely I have this shade at
125 and in this one I have the shade 120
I'm gonna add a swatch on my hands so I
can wait a few minutes and then swatch
it again so we can see how much oxidize
and how the color compare once they are
oxidized so I can show you that how the
colors compare and i will be swatching
this one to you but this one doesn't
oxidize so not a problem here so I'm
gonna zoom you extra in in a second to
show you but basically I like that the
coverage of this one is more natural
they fit me actually I should hold them
to the foundation as I'm talking about
it so this side has a little less
coverage but it also looks very very
natural I don't feel like it emphasizes
my pores as much but I do have two eye
patches around my nose it's the winter
so my skin will tend to have dry patches
around my nose and I do think that this
is emphasizing it which is why I
personally recommend to always mix it
with the other version I feel like it
makes the like perfect foundation
because this one doesn't emphasize three
patches whatsoever so if you have dry
skin definitely recommend it but this
one I do like it except around my nose
the super stay at full coverage
foundation definitely has more coverage
and I don't feel like this emphasizes
the dry patches around my nose as much
however I do think it emphasizes the
pores a little bit more right here where
they tend to beep I mean most humans
tend to have them right however I do you
think you can easily fix that by
applying either a pore primer or even
just when I find my powder in a second
you'll see they does tend to help lower
them a little bit more but if you don't
like to use powder in general I just
thought I would throw it up there so so
personally I think there's some positive
and negatives about both of these
personally I kind of find a solution
pretty easily especially whenever it's
something is so affordable I tend to try
and just find a easy fix that makes them
worth it so for this one for example
like I said just the poor primers and
powder you're good to go
and this one which is the reason I only
have my summer shade I tend to use this
during the summer because it does help
control the oils and during the summer I
don't have two eye patches so I don't
have to deal with it during the winter I
just usually mix it with this one which
is why this one is like super light I
have the shade 110 so I either reuse
this on its own or mix them together and
I feel like it makes it perfect combo
that doesn't emphasize the dry patches
so other than that you can see the
coverage is really good on my forehead
it's not perfect but I usually don't
tend to go for like super full coverage
on a daily basis so I think these are
perfect for that it covered mostly
everything you can see you can see a
little bit of redness on this side to
fit anyone does it have as
coverage button on the forehead it's
still pretty good you can see by the way
that the colors are pretty much matching
now in my face because it has oxidized
all my hand is gonna take a little
longer because it's a little thicker but
so if you were wondering if you have 125
120 will match you once it's oxidized so
okay so I did do the rest of my makeup
there's actually oil coming so if you
like that I like coming but I wanted to
show you what the foundations look like
with the powder and everything on top so
I'm gonna zoom you and kind of like I
have mentioned I don't think the powder
changes the fact that it doesn't besides
dry patches the pores are pretty much
you know normal to gone looking and this
side I do feel like the pores are a
little less visible once you powder but
I mean we all have pores right so I
don't really blame the foundation and
again like I said using a pore primer if
you are really looking to a poreless
look can definitely fix that issue and I
don't feel like it emphasizes my dry
patches as much now the foundation you
can see it's fully oxidized now so I'm
gonna apply it you like fresh swatch
next to it so you can see how much it
does oxidize it yeah so you can see it
is pretty oranjee compared to the shade
it was but if you keep that in mind I
don't think it's DUP difficult to find
your shade and I'm gonna swatch the
other one next to it just so you can see
cuz I do think that 125 looks pretty
close to 120 of the full coverage once
it's socialized so you can see it's good
in the middle I guess although the
foundation is quite thick there I don't
feel like on my face there's a
difference between the two right now so
so I'm gonna go on with my day and I
will be updating you probably once
before the energy day is currently 10
o'clock in the morning so I will be
wearing this for at least 10 hours and I
wanted to mention that I do have really
oily skin although during the winter
it's not as bad but around like five or
six hours it's usually when I have to
retouch the powder and everything so I
will be doing that I hope be doing that
on camera whenever I feel the need to so
it's nothing like the foundation are not
responsible for that it's definitely
just me having very oily skin in general
but again I will update you to zoom ins
and everything and keep you updated so
you know how I said I would come back in
like five six hours touch it up that
didn't happen
because I do not need to I don't know if
it's because it's winter my skin hasn't
been as oily it's legit than ten hours
it's like eight o'clock at night and I'm
just starting to feel shiny and seeing
some changes there's a reason this is a
Holy Grail foundation and why I've been
like dying to talk about this one
they're just really great I do however I
want to say that since I didn't touch up
the powder whatsoever and I'm starting
to boil II I've noticed that this side
is a little more cakey into my pores
which again makes sense as I did notice
that from the beginning the dry patches
are the same it hasn't become more
drying and I do feel like I'm a little
bit more oily on this side than this one
so hopefully you can see it but I feel
you can see my Porter a little bit more
on this side than this one and I do you
feel like I'm a little bit more oily
that's definitely harder to see but it's
just how I feel right now so really I
love both fun they shouldn't do both
favorites I do think they have like you
know their pros and cons but I wanted to
try and reapply I don't have any paper
to remove the oil so I'm just gonna use
toilet paper classy I'm just gonna try
to remove some oil and just see / show
you how they perform
after being reapplied because it's
always nice to see that the foundation
doesn't become cake you and your reply
but I can't already know but I just want
to show you so I'm gonna be here
applying some this batter on top so for
the pores after applying I feel like
this one is definitely a less visible
this one a little bit more and I've
noticed now I don't know if if I've been
touching my face that definitely happens
but I feel like this side might be a
little bit more uneven like little bits
that might have like separated and moved
around a little bit more than this side
I said this one is still perfectly even
personally I'm finding I'm keeping on
wearing at both of these foundations I
think they're really fantastic do real
affordable I think they're really great
if you want something that is a little
bit more lightweight a little bit less
coverage but doesn't emphasize the pores
whatsoever this one if you want
something with a little bit more
coverage and even if you have dry skin
maybe just moisturize probably
beforehand but I would also give this
one a shot usually full
race relations and Dreskin don't go well
together but I think this one would be
totally worth the shot you might want to
touch up the powder a little sooner with
this one so it doesn't become a little
patchy but I mean I've been wearing it
for 10 hours like if it lasts in hours I
don't complain so that's guys I hope you
enjoyed this review / 1/2 1/2 square
test video don't forget to let me know
in the comments section if you have
tried the fit me foundation when you
think of it if you have tried yet D
superstay full coverage foundation let
me know in the comments section because
I love to discuss these also if you know
your color shade in both of these please
let us all know in the comment section
that way we can help each other out
trying to find a perfect shade so guys I
hope you enjoy this video ok to do a big
thumbs up don't forget to subscribe
enormous in your future videos I will be
putting on the screen of the videos that
I've done that when you check out and
I'll see my next one bye"
